Add guide for building docs/website locally (#3842)
Napari/napari: docs/ORGANIZATION.md

# Organization of Documentation for napari

The organization of documentation for the napari project is currently split into
three repositories: the [`napari/napari`] repo, which houses the source code for
napari, the [`napari/docs`] repo which contains legacy and version-specific API
documentation and guides, and the [`napari/napari.github.io`] repo that makes up
the main [napari.org] site, comprising of tutorials and copied-over files from

> the [`napari/napari`] repo.

Reviewer: It might be nice to split the three repository description into bullet points to make this easier to reference?

Tutorials, the main index page, and the napari sphinx theme are in the
[`napari/napari.github.io`] repo.

The [`napari/docs`] repo contains no original documentation sources.

## Bringing it all together

For the [`napari/docs`] repo, files are built in `docs/_build/html` in the main
[`napari/napari`] repo and then copied over to the appropriate version number or
`dev` using an automated process.

Documentation sources are copied over to `napari.github.io` using the
`copy-docs.py` script (found in the `docs` directory of [`napari/napari`]).
Duplicate files are excluded and the table of contents is automatically updated.
Specifying which files should be copied / excluded can be modified in the script
itself. This script is automatically run in continuous integration and the
changes are pushed to the [`napari/napari.github.io`] repo, which will then
automatically build and update the site.

## Making changes to the documentation

For any changes in documentation (except the tutorials), a PR should be
submitted to the [`napari/napari`] repo. When a new file is added to this repo

> under the current folder structure, it will automatically be copied over to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
under the current `docs` folder structure, it will automatically be copied over to
```

[`napari/napari.github.io`] and the [napari.org] table of contents will be

> automatically updated. If the changes are done directly on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically updated. If the changes are made directly to
```

[`napari/napari.github.io`], they will be overwritten when a new PR is merged to
[`napari/napari`].

> If any autogenerated documentation sources are added to [`napari/napari`], they

Reviewer: Might be good to give an example here like "See the preferences documentation for an example"

Author: I've added this, but currently the preferences docs are not rendered in napari.org (see #3812)

will need to also be added to [`napari/napari.github.io`] and to the list of
documentation sources to be copied over by the `copy-docs.py` script.

## Building and testing documentation and the napari.org website locally

If you want to check that your documentation changes are rendered correctly,

> you will need to check them usign the theme from the [`napari/napari.github.io`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will need to check them using the theme from the [`napari/napari.github.io`]
```

repository.

### 1. Clone both repos

In order to see the changes exactly as they will appear in [napari.org], you
need to clone both the [`napari/napari`] and the [`napari/napari.github.io`]
repos.

> 

Reviewer 2: You may wan to be more explicit and say they they should be cloned next to each other and that the followign structure is expected:

```
.
├── napari. -> clone of napari/napari
│   └── docs
│       └── copy-docs.py
└── napari.github.io -> clone of napari.github.io
```
